Harness is a Continuous Delivery (CD) platform that focuses on simplifying and automating the entire software delivery process, including deployment, monitoring, and verification.

Integrated with EKS
Automated Continuous Delivery: Automate the entire CD pipeline, including deployment, verification, and rollback.
Cross-Platform Pipelines: Use Harness to deploy applications not just on Kubernetes but across cloud platforms and other environments.


Amazon EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) - Running legacy systems, high-compute applications, or applications with custom configurations.

Amazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service) - Best for: Deploying complex microservices architectures with Kubernetes. Ideal for large-scale applications or if you're already using Kubernetes in other environments.

 Amazon ELB (Elastic Load Balancer) - To distribute incoming traffic and provide high availability for your Java microservices.

 Amazon RDS (Relational Database Service)

The Azure equivalent of Amazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service) is Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).

Advantages of Event-Driven Architecture:
	Scalability:
	Loose Coupling:Components in an event-driven system are decoupled.
	Responsiveness: Since it reacts to events as they occur, it can provide low-latency responses and improve the overall responsiveness of the system.
	Asynchronous Processing: EDA often uses asynchronous communication, which helps improve performance by preventing blocking operations. 

Disadvantages:
	Complexity
	Consistency


Kafka broker: A Kafka broker is a server that manages the storage and retrieval of data. It handles requests from both producers and consumers
A producer is any application or service that sends data to Kafka topics. Producers push data (messages or events) into Kafka, and each message is associated with a topic.
A consumer is an application or service that reads messages from Kafka topics. Consumers subscribe to one or more topics, and they consume the messages from the partitions in the topic.
A partition is a subset of a Kafka topic and a basic unit of parallelism and data storage. Each partition is an ordered, immutable sequence of messages that is appended to as new messages arrive. 



Optimize hibernate performance 
	
	1)Lazy loading - you have a Person entity that has a List<Address>, and you don’t need the addresses immediately, you can use lazy loading:
			@OneToMany(fetch = FetchType.LAZY)
			private List<Address> addresses;

	2)Use JOIN FETCH to Avoid N+1 Problem - The N+1 problem occurs when Hibernate issues an extra query for each associated object. You can avoid this 	  using JOIN FETCH
			SELECT p FROM Person p JOIN FETCH p.addresses
	3) Enable Batch Processing for Inserts, Updates, and Deletes
	4) Enable Second-Level Cache - Second-level cache stores entities across multiple sessions, reducing the need to query the database repeatedly for the 	   same entities.
	5) Use Native SQL for Complex Queries


Optimize ci/cd
	1)Caching dependencies
	2)Incremental Deployments
	3)Avoiding Unnecessary Steps

Index in DB 1) Improves select but delete, insert performance reduces


